Alright!
Your app is live and backed up, now let's make
sure it stays healthy.
The CLI gives you a full picture of any
server from your laptop. Three angles to check
: system health, running containers, and
the repositories themselves.
Let us start with the system view. The machine query
command with the system filter shows uptime, disk
usage, and storage status.
Uptime, disk, storage. Everything you
need at a glance.
Now containers. This view lists every running
container across every repository on the machine
: name, status, health, CPU
, memory, plus which repo owns each
one.
Every container across every repo
, in one view.
And the repos themselves. Size, mount
status, Docker daemon status, disk
usage. Everything you need to know about each isolated environment.
All repos, all their daemons, all their
disk usage.
The machine query command with no filters gives you
everything in one shot. System info
, containers, repositories, all together.
Everything together, no filter needed.
And finally the diagnostic check for a local sanity
check on your laptop. Node, SSH
key, renet, Docker. All the things the CLI itself depends on. That is the full series. From install to mon
itoring, all from your terminal.
All green means your local CLI is healthy.
And that wraps the series. You can now
install, configure, deploy, fork, go
live, autostart, back up, and monitor
, all from your terminal!